Add Sentry AGP to RN docs (#7078)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/react-native/manual-setup/manual-setup.mdx

apply from: "../../node_modules/@sentry/react-native/sentry.gradle"
```

> ### Enable Sentry AGP

Reviewer: I believe we should document this with 2 features disabled.

`tracingInstrumentation` disabled (this is only enabled if people start the SDKs manually), we can add a comment 
about that, no need to instrument code if performance is disabled by default.

`autoInstallation` disabled (this can conflict with the version of the SDK, RN already adds the dependency of the Android SDK), if the plugin does the same, I am not sure which one will be picked up leading to troubles, maybe this is not an issue, you can confirm with Android folks.

Author: Thank you, this sounds like something we need to check. At least in out sample app I've not run into any issues, but I'll verify it.

Reviewer: `tracingInstrumentation` enabled can be mentioned here -> https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/react-native/manual-setup/native-init/ just in case APM is enabled on the native side.

> By adding [Sentry Android Gradle Plugin (SAGP)](/platforms/android/gradle) to `android/app/build.gradle` you can enabled native symbols upload and other features.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can enable native symbol upload and other features by adding [Sentry Android Gradle Plugin (SAGP)](/platforms/android/gradle) to `android/app/build.gradle`.
```

```groovy {filename:android/app/build.gradle}
apply plugin: "io.sentry.android.gradle"

sentry {

>     // Disables or enables the automatic configuration of Native Symbols

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    // Enables or disables the automatic configuration of Native Symbols
```
